update 'ByRef' borrow types of closures + minor fixes (#894)
rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide: src/closure.md

The callbacks are defined by implementing the [`Delegate`] trait. The
[`InferBorrowKind`][ibk] type implements `Delegate` and keeps a map that
records for each upvar which mode of capture was required. The modes of capture
can be `ByValue` (moved) or `ByRef` (borrowed). For `ByRef` borrows, the possible
[`BorrowKind`][BorrowKind]s are `ImmBorrow`, `UniqueImmBorrow`, `MutBorrow` as defined in the
[`compiler/rustc_middle/src/ty/mod.rs`][middle_ty].

> [BorrowKind]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/nightly/nightly-rustc/rustc_middle/ty/enum.BorrowKind.html

Reviewer: nit: this can be an implicit reference link
```suggestion
[`BorrowKind`]s are `ImmBorrow`, `UniqueImmBorrow`, `MutBorrow` as defined in the
[`compiler/rustc_middle/src/ty/mod.rs`][middle_ty].

[`BorrowKind`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/nightly/nightly-rustc/rustc_middle/ty/enum.BorrowKind.html
```

[`InferBorrowKind`][ibk] type implements `Delegate` and keeps a map that

> records for each upvar which mode of borrow was required. The modes of borrow

Reviewer: It would be nice to link to the docs I think, especially because the name overlaps.
```suggestion
records for each upvar which mode of borrow was required. The possible [`BorrowKind`]s are
```
and then a link to https://doc.rust-lang.org/nightly/nightly-rustc/rustc_middle/ty/enum.BorrowKind.html
